It is interesting to see how the author decides to compare the patters and grids to structures and cities and even games that we have seen throughout our lives. It is essentially a world that's a collection of these regularities at some places and complete randomness at other. You come to realize how similar the patters and grids that form the basis of these artforms also form for objects. This could be similarly also noticed when the author mentiones the information being stored as magnetic force which quite literally is just another pattern in an off itself however if you consider the media that it has been stores on throughout a long time in history starting from casettes, disks and even the stacked magnetic disks inside a hard drives, they all seem to follow this structure of uniformity to store information on concentric circles. 

Growing up in India, you can notice these regularities in textiles when it comes to people using embroidery to showcase designs. The author talks about how the earlier looms from China were different as they allowed each individual string to be set differently but then they still follow this repeating pattern that can be seen throughout computer programs which would include 10 PRINT. It's kind of contradicting in the sense that the author calls out the randomness that exists yet argues that even buggy programs follow a pattern. 

Pattern in Computer Science are no doubt one of the most important part of what makes it so powerful. I agree that loops are a way to repeat a pettern but I'd also argue there's subtle patterns in algorithms that may seem sequential and yet follow a similar trend of how they approach the problem. It's interesting to learn about other artforms that follow these patterns. 