# Week 4 Reflection

The author puts forward a couple interesting points, one of which is how we have to think about small things that we generally wouldn't if it wasn't computatinally required within the art process. And I agree with that upto some extent. Yes if we were making it using a sequential regular program specifying all constraints is needed since it needs to be a probable program with generation and even randomization is not really random. However, now we have a powerful tool that contradicts a lot of this point. Using things like neurtal networks or even programs which help generate art works like how **Che-Wei Wang** talks about in his TED talk there is a lot that a artist nowadays can do that people couldn't. Some of this was specifying requirements and lemmas which would be rather difficult for a non-professional to give however now machines can generate this automatically and don't necessarily need specific input. 

Another point I liked was how in the first reading author talked about programming errors leading to discoveries and it can generate a wider range of outputs. A similar tone can be observed when Che-Wei Wang talks about how this was done when NASA tried to develop a new antenna and I think it was very interesting as I would have never thought of an antenna in such a shape but the computer synthesized such possibilities. This wasn't a programming error but just plain randomization of iterations that humans aren't able to synthesize themselves. 

In the reading with the interview, I think one of the important things to note is how the author mentiones that the art made with neural network that was auctioned off started off with a very low price tag and was inflated because of the hype. And I think this is very accurate of the art community in general as it's really hard to quanitify what is good or bad, making it a perfect example of a market where the worth is literally what people are willing to pay for it. 