# Week 6 Reading Reflection

It's very interesting to see how important people considered user interface in such early stages of computer development. Machintosh was definitely one of a big pushing force behind initial discussion about having a user friends interface as it was designed to be more accessible to general public and artists rather than computer programmers who were dealing with a whole different world at that point. Printing press was a interesting example of how it changed the minds of people who were able to read, but I guess I didn't quite understand the context for this here since it didn't necessarily change a medium but more create a new medium. And computer replaced that medium later on. When I was young, LOGO was one of the first computer programming languages that I worked with. I basically used it to create pattern and things that would look cool and it was almost revolutionary for me. I also like how the author categorizes actions as different parts of interactions with the computer. Being able to manipulate, recognize and tie together these abstractions is very important. 


The WIMP interfaces paper talks about new ideas and explorations in the interaction model for artists. It's interesting to see how in such a early time someone was actually thinking about interfaces that would go beyond the standard I/O that we are used to. It talks about how artists are hesitant and stick with interfaces that are well defined and clear to them which makes sense as it is just another thing someone would need to worry about. The paper on *Alternative Programming Interfaces for Alternative Programmers* talks about graphical interfaces for programmers from a non technical background. This is evolutionary since this is a very common and a very highly explored topic in the past years. Many people in the arts as well as other disciplines have to code or use some kind of logic to perform parts of their job. There are fields such as game design where someone without any programming knowledge would be able to design a game by using a tool like Construct. Since the point of these tools is to help such users I think it's better to have input from the users itself as to what they expect from these tools. 